Clarify S3 usage (#25)
stac-extensions/storage: platforms/custom-s3.md

This defines the S3 interface for providers other than AWS (e.g. minio-based).

- `platform`: The API URL (template), must be the endpoint URL that can be used for the AWS CLI for example, e.g. `https://{bucket}.example.com` or `http://example.com:9000`.
- `bucket`: The bucket name, if applicable.
- `region`: The region, if applicable.

## Mapping to S3 tooling

### GDAL (`/vsis3/`)

GDAL documentation: <https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#vsis3-aws-s3-files>

- `platform`: Some options for S3 can be inferred from the given URL (template):
  - `AWS_HTTPS` can be retrieved by parsing the scheme part of the URL. `https` = `ON`, `http` = `OFF`.

>   - `AWS_S3_ENDPOINT` is the authority part of the URL after replacing all variables in the URL.

Author: I'll add more examples.

>   - `AWS_S3_ENDPOINT` is the authority part of the URL after replacing all variables in the URL.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `AWS_S3_ENDPOINT` is the authority part of the URL after replacing all variables in the URL, e.g. `us-west.mycloud.com` without `https://` or `s3://` as prefix.
```

  - `AWS_VIRTUAL_HOSTING` must be set to `FALSE` if there's no `{bucket}` placeholder in the URL template, otherwise `TRUE` (default value).
- The `region` property corresponds to the `AWS_REGION` option.
- The `requester_pays` property corresponds to the `AWS_REQUEST_PAYER` option. If `requester_pays` is `true`, set `AWS_REQUEST_PAYER` to `requester`.

> - If `s3` exists in `auth:refs`, you should set `AWS_NO_SIGN_REQUEST` to `YES`. Otherwise it should be `NO`.

Reviewer: If `s3` exists in `auth:refs`, the `AWS_NO_SIGN_REQUEST` should be set to `NO` not to `YES`.

Author: ```suggestion
- If the `s3` authentication method is referred to through `auth:refs`, you should set `AWS_NO_SIGN_REQUEST` to `NO`. Otherwise it should be `YES`.
```

### AWS CLI

AWS CLI documentation: <https://awscli.amazonaws.com/v2/documentation/api/latest/reference/index.html>

- `platform` corresponds to `--endpoint-url` after replacing all variables in the URL.
- `region` corresponds to `--region`.
- If `s3` is **missing** from `auth:refs`, you should use `--no-sign-request`.

### s3cmd

s3cmd documentation: <https://s3tools.org/usage>

> - `platform` corresponds to `--host` / `--host-bucket` after replacing all variables in the URL (?).

Author: Not sure, need to confirm how these options work.

Author: Still need to confirm this. Do you have more information on this @j-musial ?

- `region` corresponds to `--region`.
- `requester_pays` corresponds to `--requester-pays`.

> - If `s3` exists in `auth:refs`, you should use the `s3cmd sign` command.

Reviewer: instead of sign in it is a good practice to set the [profile](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/v1/userguide/cli-configure-files.html) in ~/.aws/credentials or to set environmental variables:  [AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY & AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID](https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#config-AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID) Suitable explanation is to be added to [auth extension](https://github.com/stac-extensions/authentication/pull/38/commits/5125ec44fe3783bc6a7e9e3115e8238e749dadf3)

Author: ```suggestion
- If the `s3` authentication scheme (i.e. "Simple S3 authentication") is referred to through `auth:refs`,
   you should provide an secret access key and an access key id through environment variables, a profile or the `s3cmd sign` command.
```

This defines the S3 interface for providers other than AWS (e.g. minio-based).

- `platform`: The API URL (template), must be the endpoint URL that can be used for the AWS CLI for example, e.g. `https://{bucket}.example.com` or `http://example.com:9000`.
- `bucket`: The bucket name, if applicable.
- `region`: The region, if applicable.

## Mapping to S3 tooling

### GDAL (`/vsis3/`)

GDAL documentation: <https://gdal.org/en/latest/user/virtual_file_systems.html#vsis3-aws-s3-files>

- `platform`: Some options for S3 can be inferred from the given URL (template):
  - `AWS_HTTPS` can be retrieved by parsing the scheme part of the URL. `https` = `ON`, `http` = `OFF`.

>   - `AWS_S3_ENDPOINT` is the authority part of the URL after replacing all variables in the URL, e.g. `us-west.mycloud.com` without `https://` or `s3://` as prefix.

Author: ```suggestion
  - `AWS_S3_ENDPOINT` is the authority part of the URL after replacing all variables in the URL,
     e.g. `us-west.mycloud.com` without `https://` or `s3://` as prefix.
```
